close #115: avoid the term instance (#132)
ietf-wg-asdf/SDF: sdf.md

`#/sdfObject/foo/sdfProperty/bar`, with data of type boolean.
<!-- we could define a URN-style namespace that looks exactly that way -->

> Some of the definitions are also declarations: the definition of the

Reviewer: Given declarations are the norm, would it make sense to say “Often the definitions are…”.  and note the exception here explicitly?

Author: Great point.  See commit below.

Reviewer: Great, thanks!

entry "bar" in the property "foo" means that data corresponding to the
"foo" property in a property interaction offered by Thing can have zero or
one components modeled by "bar".  Entries within `sdfProperty`,

> `sdfAction`, and `sdfEvent`, within `sdfObject` entries, are

Author: Good point!

> `sdfAction`, and `sdfEvent`, within `sdfObject` entries, are

Author: Text added to [c3d5759](https://github.com/ietf-wg-asdf/SDF/pull/132/commits/c3d5759547db7b25be4cf26e511d0a22a4b02753)

| sdfAction   | action    | zero or more named action definitions for this Object                    |
| sdfEvent    | event     | zero or more named event definitions for this Object                     |
| sdfData     | named-sdq | zero or more named data type definitions that might be used in the above |

> | minItems    | number    | (array) Minimum number of multiplied affordances in array |

Author: Indeed.  I also didn't manage to find a better term.

> | minItems    | number    | (array) Minimum number of multiplied affordances in array |

Reviewer 2: Hmm, how about "repeated" or "duplicated"?

> | minItems    | number    | (array) Minimum number of multiplied affordances in array |

Reviewer 2: Hmm, simply speaking of "sdfObjects" (or maybe even "identical sdfObjects"?) wouldn't work here either, I assume?

```suggestion
| minItems    | number    | (array) Minimum number of sdfObjects in array |
```

If so, then using "multiplied" is more than good enough I'd say :)

> | minItems    | number    | (array) Minimum number of multiplied affordances in array |

Author: Well, it is the single sdfObject that has its guts multiplied, not additional sdfObjects added.
I'm not necessarily a great fan of not being able to call the single items something, but that is what the current structure does.
